IN FAVOR PRESS SALAM J MAMAKA
ABRAHAM YUFE BANDARI EVA SAWA
NATE BA GOMEZ ROLE CLEAVE RESCO LA AGWA
PRESS BY 11 WHO
FOUND THE STATE OF THE STATE OR ILLUSTRATION PRESENCE EPATATERI
IN FAVOR PRESIDENT SALAM JUS SHA
BANDARI
WASAWA
NATE BA GOMEZ ROLE CLAVE LA  AUGUST VICE
PRESIDENT
JAMACA
ABRAHAM BA
FO I OR THE STATE OF IRAIL UNDER
OBLIGATION TO BRING N
AND BANG N AND UNAL PRESENCE IN PLERTARY
ADLY S PUB IN FEVER PRED SALAM JUICE
BASAWA
NW B GOME ROLLE
CL AGAINST VICE PRESIDENT SEBE JAMACA
Abraham
Resch by 14 votes to one is of the opinion that
the State of Israel is under an obligation to immediately cease
new settlement activities
and expel settlers from the Palestinian
territory in favor Prede Salaam Judges
Tamka Abraham
Yof
Barsa Nate Chars Br Come Role
Klinsko Ag
Press By 14 Votes
One I O The Standard Has The Obligation To
Make Reparations For The Damage Caused By Natural And
Legal Persons Concern In The Occupied Plain
Territory In Favor President Salaam Judges
Tameka Abera Yusuf Swe Mari Wasawa Nate
Charge  Br Gomez Robledo Cleve Eureco
Lad Against the Press
C by 12 votes
is of the opinion that the status quo is
under an affiliation setting up a legal session without any presence of the
Israeli People's
Republic and assisted inning session.  CUT BA
CON PRESENCE OF STATE OF ERAIL IN CUPA PALE
REE IN FAVORITE PRESS SALAAM
JESS BARI BA
GOME
ROLLE
CLEAVE AUGUST WA PR J ABRAHAM
RECO
BY O OPINION NA INCLUDING KNIGHT NATION
AND UNDER NATIONAL
FULL PRESENCE OF STATE OF ERAIL IN  Kappa
Palletory in Favor Press Salaam Jas Mamaka Yusof
Swe Bari
Wasawa Nte Charge B Gom
Rolle Cleve Agwa Press J Album
Resco
by I n d Nation Appellate General Asli Ch
Request Open and Security Council
Pro Modality and Further Action You Bring
ए एड़ी स पोस्बी एफ एफ एरल इन कप प्लेट
इन फवर प्रेड सलाम जममका
यूसफ बारी वासावा
[MUSIC]
बले अग्व प्रेड ज एहम रे इल
कल अपन दे रेस्ट द्रेट पाट इस्ट्फ
कोट ली फिजक  edry
da ba 14 votes t one does not comply with the rest of a edry
api in
fe mister sm president jama aham yusuf
mi bar mr b gomas le clunrec la ag
president
se sri ba 11 votes fo i d api da st o  ISRAEL
PRESIDENT IN THE DUDE PLANE IN PRESIDENT
SALAAM JUDGES YOSEF SHUE BANDI WAS NATE
CHARLESWORTH BRUNT GOMEZ RABLY CLEVER LADDY
AGAINST WAS PRESIDENT ABE JUDGES TOK ABR
AURAK FOR BA 11 VOTES FOR
ISRAEL'S TERRITORIALARMY.IN